group_members.md, before:

# Group Members


## Principal Investigator 

### Dhruv Balwada

```{image} ./_static/photos/dhruv.jpg
:alt: dhruv
:class: biopic
:width: 200px
:align: right
```
dbalwada@ldeo.columbia.edu  

Dhruv is the PI for the ocean transport group. 
You can find his personal website [here](https://dhruvbalwada.github.io/). 

<div style="clear: both;"></div>

## PhD Students 

### Prani Nalluri
Prani is a PhD student in the APAM department. They are funded by the DOE CSGF fellowship.

### Andrew Marshall Fagerheim 

```{image} ./_static/photos/andrew.jpg
:alt: andrew
:class: biopic
:width: 200px
:align: right
```
Andrew is a PhD student in the Department of [Earth & Environmental Sciences](https://eesc.columbia.edu/). He is funded by the National Science Foundation's [Graduate Research Fellowship Program](https://www.nsfgrfp.org/). His research interests are in (sub)mesoscale physical oceanography, and he is currently studying eddy stirring and turbulence using Argo float data. In addition to research, Andrew is interested in climate education and advocacy and is a Youth Advisory Board member at [The Wild Center](https://www.wildcenter.org/), a science and nature museum in the Adirondacks. He can be contacted at afagerheim@ldeo.columbia.edu.

## Postdocs

### Manuel Othon Gutierrez Villanueva

```{image} ./_static/photos/manuel.jpg
:alt: manuel
:class: biopic
:width: 200px
:align: right
```
Manuel is a Postdoctoral Research Scientist at Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory, Columbia University. He works on two complementary areas: (1) using machine learning techniques to combine observations from different instruments (e.g., gliders, Argo floats, etc.) with high-resolution numerical ocean models, to derive data-constrained estimates of high-resolution ocean state and (2) estimating macroturbulence relevant statistics from in-situ current observations, and using these to study long term trends in the oceanic eddy field. Manuel obtained his Ph.D. in Oceanography at Scripps Institution of Oceanography, University of California San Diego, where he later worked as Postdoctoral Scholar. Manuel enjoys cooking, reading books (science fiction, mental health, and magic realism), running, and watching football (soccer). He practices freediving regularly (or when the ocean conditions allow) and takes pictures of his favorite ocean critters. manuelgv@ldeo.columbia.edu

## Other Researchers

### Yue Wang
Yue was a masters student in the APAM department, and is now working in the LOT group as a researcher. 

### Jingwen Lyu 
Jingwen is a masters student in the APAM department. 

### David A. Lee

```{image} ./_static/photos/david.jpg
:alt: david
:class: biopic
:width: 200px
:align: right
```

David is a researcher in the LOT group. His research interests are in using SWOT data to understand the physical dynamics of oceans at the coasts and continental shelves, as well as statistical and machine learning methods in climate physics more broadly. 

Formerly, David was the Legislative Director to New York State Assemblymember Ron Kim, as well as an Adjunct Professor of Economics at Adelphi University. He writes about the intersection of economics, foreign affairs, statecraft, and science at [Alphabet Agency](https://alphabetagency.substack.com/). Beyond his work, David enjoys collecting (and reading) used books.

Commit message:

Update group_members.md with new researchers
Added new members Feier Yan and Trisha Sharan to the group members list, along with their descriptions.

group_members.md, after:

# Group Members


## Principal Investigator 

### Dhruv Balwada

```{image} ./_static/photos/dhruv.jpg
:alt: dhruv
:class: biopic
:width: 200px
:align: right
```
dbalwada@ldeo.columbia.edu  

Dhruv is the PI for the ocean transport group. 
You can find his personal website [here](https://dhruvbalwada.github.io/). 

<div style="clear: both;"></div>

## PhD Students 

### Prani Nalluri
Prani is a PhD student in the APAM department. They are funded by the DOE CSGF fellowship.

### Andrew Marshall Fagerheim 

```{image} ./_static/photos/andrew.jpg
:alt: andrew
:class: biopic
:width: 200px
:align: right
```
Andrew is a PhD student in the Department of [Earth & Environmental Sciences](https://eesc.columbia.edu/). He is funded by the National Science Foundation's [Graduate Research Fellowship Program](https://www.nsfgrfp.org/). His research interests are in (sub)mesoscale physical oceanography, and he is currently studying eddy stirring and turbulence using Argo float data. In addition to research, Andrew is interested in climate education and advocacy and is a Youth Advisory Board member at [The Wild Center](https://www.wildcenter.org/), a science and nature museum in the Adirondacks. He can be contacted at afagerheim@ldeo.columbia.edu.

## Postdocs

### Feier Yan

Feier is a Postdoctoral Research Scientist at Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory, Columbia University. She is working on machine learning applications to satellite observations of the ocean.

### Manuel Othon Gutierrez Villanueva

```{image} ./_static/photos/manuel.jpg
:alt: manuel
:class: biopic
:width: 200px
:align: right
```
Manuel is a Postdoctoral Research Scientist at Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory, Columbia University. He works on two complementary areas: (1) using machine learning techniques to combine observations from different instruments (e.g., gliders, Argo floats, etc.) with high-resolution numerical ocean models, to derive data-constrained estimates of high-resolution ocean state and (2) estimating macroturbulence relevant statistics from in-situ current observations, and using these to study long term trends in the oceanic eddy field. Manuel obtained his Ph.D. in Oceanography at Scripps Institution of Oceanography, University of California San Diego, where he later worked as Postdoctoral Scholar. Manuel enjoys cooking, reading books (science fiction, mental health, and magic realism), running, and watching football (soccer). He practices freediving regularly (or when the ocean conditions allow) and takes pictures of his favorite ocean critters. manuelgv@ldeo.columbia.edu

## Other Researchers


### David A. Lee

```{image} ./_static/photos/david.jpg
:alt: david
:class: biopic
:width: 200px
:align: right
```

David is a researcher in the LOT group. His research interests are in using SWOT data to understand the physical dynamics of oceans at the coasts and continental shelves, as well as statistical and machine learning methods in climate physics more broadly. 

Formerly, David was the Legislative Director to New York State Assemblymember Ron Kim, as well as an Adjunct Professor of Economics at Adelphi University. He writes about the intersection of economics, foreign affairs, statecraft, and science at [Alphabet Agency](https://alphabetagency.substack.com/). Beyond his work, David enjoys collecting (and reading) used books.

### Trisha Sharan

Trisha is an undergraduate researcher in the group. She is working on understanding ocean eddy energetics and transport.
